README.md, before:

# CLI help

snyk-rest-cli helps you to call the REST API and provide you functionalities that the REST API doesn't provide.

# How to install

`npm i snyk-rest-cli -g`

Check if you have install correctly by running:

`snyk-rest-cli -v`

# Functions

## GET API  

1. GET all organizations in a group


## How to get started

1. Input --snyk_token=<`SnykToken/ServiceToken`>
2. Input --api_version=<`The requested version of the endpoint to process the request`>
3. Look at the available commands below and add the required flags for the command to work

## Available commands

### `snyk-rest-cli --help`

Give you the list of commands available for this CLI

**Note:** The help on the docs site is the same as the `--help` in the CLI.

### `snyk-rest-cli -v or --version`

Give you the version of the CLI

### `snyk-rest-cli --get_all_orgs_group`

Get all orgs for the specify group.

# Required flags

1. `--group_id`: Your group id

# optional flags

1. `--starting_after`: Return the page of results immediately after this cursor

Commit message:

Added get integrations for all org feature

README.md, after:

# CLI help

snyk-rest-cli helps you to call the REST API and provide you functionalities that the REST API doesn't provide.

# How to install

`npm i snyk-rest-cli -g`

Check if you have install correctly by running:

`snyk-rest-cli -v`

# Functions

## GET API  

1. GET all organizations in a group
2. GET all integrations for all organizations in a group.


## How to get started

1. Every command requires these 2 flag --snyk_token=<`SnykToken/ServiceToken`> and  --api_version=<`The requested version of the endpoint to process the request`>
2. Look at the available commands below and add the required flags for the command to work

## Available commands

### `snyk-rest-cli --help`

Give you the list of commands available for this CLI

**Note:** The help on the docs site is the same as the `--help` in the CLI.

### `snyk-rest-cli -v or --version`

Give you the version of the CLI

# `snyk-rest-cli --get_all_orgs_group`

Get all orgs for the specify group.

## Required flags

1. `--group_id`: Your group id

# `snyk-rest-cli --get_all_integrations_org`

Get all integrations for all orgs in the specified group.
## Required flags

1. `--group_id`: Your group id

## optional flags

1. `--source_types`: if you want to check if all of the orgs in a group have integrated a certain integration, use this flag. (can only specify 1 type of integration!)
